26 April 2026 💜

A big weekend for the group - 20 runners out across 11 different parkrun venues on Saturday, plus one member on a very historic marathon start line on Sunday.

---

🏃 PARKRUN

Ashbourne Recreation Ground
Rachael Fiske made her first visit to Ashbourne Recreation Ground in Derbyshire, putting in a solid effort at the recreation ground course.

Bolton
Paula Crosland was in great form at Bolton, running well at one of her regular Saturday morning spots.

Bramhall
Delphine Bugarel headed over to Bramhall for a first visit, tackling the Stockport course in fine style.

Carlingwark Loch
Ros Dines went furthest of all this week - all the way to Castle Douglas in Dumfries and Galloway for her first visit to Carlingwark Loch. The course follows 3 laps on tarmac paths and grass alongside a beautiful Scottish loch. A stunning backdrop for a Saturday morning run 💜

Clarence
Stephen Crowe was in excellent form at Clarence and earned himself a course PB in the process. Brilliant! 👏

Cleethorpes
Kath Biddle headed to the Lincolnshire coast for a first visit to Cleethorpes, flying the flag in style.

Heaton
7 of us out at home base on Saturday! Lewis Moore led the way for the group on a great morning at Heaton. Cheryl Stewardson had a brilliant run and came away with a course PB 👏. Dale Richards, Paul Cox, Josh Young, Rebecca Smith and Chris Grayshon all put in solid efforts to round out a strong showing.

Lincoln
Neil and Helen Naisbitt made it a couple's trip, heading to Lincoln for their first visit to the city's parkrun. Neil was first of the pair home, with Helen running strongly in his wake.

Ormskirk
Angela Pradena made the trip to Lancashire for a first visit to Ormskirk, adding another venue to the list.

Peel
It was a special morning at Peel for Tracy Wroe, who completed her 250th parkrun. 250 Saturday mornings out there doing what she loves - that is an incredible commitment and a huge milestone. Well done Tracy! 💜👏 Chris was also out at Peel, enjoying a parkwalk on a fine spring morning.

Ruthin Memorial Playing Fields
Andrew and Alison Whitehead took a trip to North Wales for their first visit to Ruthin Memorial Playing Fields - a flat 3-lap route on wide tarmac paths around the playing fields of historic Ruthin in the Clwyd Valley. A great venue to add to the collection!

---

🏅 RACES

Sunday 26 April - TCS London Marathon

Si Foulkes took on the TCS London Marathon on Sunday - and what a day to be on that start line. The 2026 race will go down as one of the most extraordinary days in the history of the sport. Kenyan runner Sabastian Sawe became the first person ever to break the 2-hour barrier in an open race, shattering the world marathon record in the process. Ethiopian Tigst Assefa added to the occasion with a new women's world record. Si was out on the same streets as both of those performances, running all 26.2 miles through London on arguably the greatest day the marathon world has ever seen. Incredible - huge congratulations! 💜

---

What a weekend - 11 parkrun venues from Scotland to Derbyshire, a first trip to North Wales, and a front-row seat for marathon history in London. 💜🏃‍♀️🏃‍♂️
