29 March 2026 🌸

What a weekend to be part of RTR! 24 members were out at parkrun across 7 venues on Saturday, with a really special occasion at Heaton Park taking centre stage - and two brilliant runners were racing across Europe to top it all off.

---

🏃 PARKRUN

The big story this week is one that's been 10 weeks in the making. Our Couch to 5K group graduated at Heaton Park on Saturday morning, and every single one of them crossed the finish line, many completing their very first parkrun. Massive congratulations to:

Alicia Ricketts
Barbara Fortune
Christine Ince
Julie Denny
Rachel Fiske
Sairah Rehman
Tanja Brajkovic
Tobias Wroe

Every one of you should be incredibly proud. 10 weeks of showing up, encouraging each other, and pushing through - and this is where it brought you. A genuine RTR moment. This kind of thing is exactly what this group is all about 💜

And it's not just been a commitment from the runners. The run leaders who gave their time to make this happen deserve a huge amount of credit too.

There was a brilliant turnout of RTR regulars at Heaton Park alongside the C25K group too, among 817 runners out on a busy morning. Neil Naisbitt headed up the RTR pack, with Dale Richards close behind. Cheryl Stewardson ran solidly, and Jacqui Warden had a lovely morning out on the course with her dog in tow 🐕 Great to see Ken Smith back at Heaton after a run of parkruns down in Western Australia! Fiona Case and Helen Naisbitt both had fine mornings out, while Stephen Crowe and Chris Grayshon came through within a second of each other. Tracy Wroe was in great form alongside them, and Georgia Taylor had an excellent outing - claiming a course PB on her return to the park 👏 Derek Case rounded things off with a parkwalk at the back.

---

Alderford Lake (110 runners)
Ros Dines headed to Alderford Lake in Shropshire for a lakeside outing, flying the RTR flag well.

---

Bolton (258 runners)
Josh Young put in a great run at Bolton, picking up a course PB in the process 👏 Paula Crosland also had an excellent morning out.

---

Clarence (75 runners)
A brilliant day for Michael Aiken, who reached his 50th parkrun at Clarence - a landmark worth celebrating! 🎉 And if that wasn't enough, he finished 3rd male in a field of 75. A superb run on a very special parkrun morning 💜

---

Northwich (417 runners)
Andrew and Alison Whitehead headed to Northwich in Cheshire for a first visit to this riverside venue. A new one ticked off for two of RTR's most well-travelled parkrunners!

---

The Cinder Track, Whitby (135 runners)
Kath Biddle made the trip to Whitby for her first visit to the Cinder Track - a historic trail running along a former railway line with sweeping views over the Esk Valley and the iconic Whitby Viaduct. Very much worth the journey. Kath finished 3rd female out of 135 runners. Outstanding running! 🏃‍♀️

---

Ziegelwiese, Germany (163 runners)
Julie Smith showed she was in excellent shape ahead of the Berlin Half Marathon by fitting in a parkrun at Ziegelwiese in Germany on Saturday morning. A confident run on a first visit to the course - the signs were very good indeed for Sunday.

---

🏅 RACES

Saturday 28 March

The Generali Prague Half Marathon is one of the most beautiful road races in the world - a fast, flat course past Charles Bridge, Prague Castle, the National Theatre and the Rudolfinum in the heart of one of Europe's most spectacular cities. It's also one of the 6 races in the Superhalfs series, and Paul Cox took it on this Saturday, completing his 4th race in the series. Brilliant running in a brilliant city 💜

Sunday 29 March

Julie Smith followed up her German parkrun with a stunning day out at the Generali Berlin Half Marathon - a World Athletics Elite Label event and one of the most iconic road races on the planet, with 40,000 runners taking on a fast, flat course past the Reichstag, the Victory Column and the Brandenburg Gate. Berlin was also Julie's 4th Superhalfs race. What a European weekend for RTR! 🏃‍♀️

---

From Heaton Park to Prague to Berlin - what a group this is. See you out there 💜🏃‍♀️🏃‍♂️
